Video Library Queries
----------------------

1.Write a query to display movie names and number of times that movie is issued to 
customers. Incase movies are never issued to customers display number of times as 0. Display 
the details in sorted order based on number of times (in descending order) and then by
movie name (in ascending order). The Alias name for the number of movies issued is 
ISSUE_COUNT.


2.Write a query to display id,name,age,contact no of customers whose age is greater than 25 
and and who have registered in the year 2012. Display contact no in the below format +91-
XXX-XXX-XXXX example +91-987-678-3434 and use the alias name as "CONTACT_ISD". If the 
contact no is null then display as 'N/A' Sort all the records in ascending order based on age 
and then by name.

3.Write a query to display the movie category and number of movies in that category. Display 
records based on number of movies from higher to lower order and then by movie category 
in ascending order.Hint: Use NO_OF_MOVIES as alias name for number of movies.


4.Write a query to display the customer id, customer name, year of registration,library card 
id, card issue date of all the customers who hold library card. Display the records sorted by 
customer name in descending order. Use REGISTERED_YEAR as alias name for year of 
registration.


5. .Write a query to display issue id, customer id, customer name for the customers who have 
paid fine and whose name starts with 'R'. Fine is calculated based on return date and actual 
date of return. If the date of actual return is after date of return then fine need to be paid by 
the customer order by customer name.


6. Write a query to display the customer id, customer name,contact number and address of 
customers who have taken movies from library without library card and whose address ends 
with 'Nagar'. Display customer name in upper case. Hint: Use CUSTOMER_NAME as alias 
name for customer name. Display the details sorted in ascending order based on customer 
name.

7. Write a query to display the movie id, movie name,release year,director name of movies 
acted by the leadactor1 who acted maximum number of movies .Display the records sorted in 
ascending order based on movie name.


8. Write a query to display the issue id,issue date, customer id, customer name and contact 
number for videos that are issued in the year 2013.Display the records in decending order 
based on issue date of the video.


9. .Write a query to display number of customers who have registered in the library in the 
year 2012 and who have given/provided contact number. <br> Hint:Use NO_OF_CUSTOMERS 
as alias name for number of customers.

10. Write a query to display the customer id , customer name and number of times movies 
have been issued from Comedy category. Display only for customers who has taken more 
than once. Hint: Use NO_OF_TIMES as alias name Display the records in ascending order 
based on customer name.